Migrate THEOlive docs (#202)
THEOplayer/documentation: theolive/getting-started/platforms.mdx

THEOlive supports all major web platforms

---

THEOlive supports playback across all major web platforms. An overview of the supported platforms can be found below. If you have any questions in regards to supported platforms and capabilities, don’t hesitate to reach out to our team.

## Desktop browser platforms

| Browser                     | Version                           |
| :-------------------------- | :-------------------------------- |
| Edge (Chromium)             | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Chrome (and Chromium based) | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Firefox                     | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Safari                      | 8+                                |

## Mobile browser platforms

| Browser                | Version                           |
| :--------------------- | :-------------------------------- |
| Chrome for Android     | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Firefox for Android    | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Safari for iOS (\*)    | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Chrome for iOS (\*\*)  | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |
| Firefox for iOS (\*\*) | Evergreen (last 3 major versions) |

> (\*) The latency for iOS Safari is currently about 1,5s. We're targeting sub-second latency in a next release.  

Reviewer: Nit-pick: use a period as fractional separator.
```suggestion
(\*) The latency for iOS Safari is currently about 1.5 seconds. We're targeting sub-second latency in a next release.  
```
